hi this is chair with skunky in st.
Louis Missouri and I've created a sample
file to help you add animation to your
pop-up windows this is a two-part series
this first part I'm going to show what
the tool does I'm showing a little bit
about how it works and offer the file
for you to download and the second part
I'll show how easy it is to add this
feature to your own existing solutions
or even to a new solution let's take a
look so when I say animation this is
what I mean we've got some different
options for how the windows can come
into the screen like such
it also offers in different positions
where these windows can come into and we
also also also offer different speeds
okay let's take a look at all the
features available so we've gotten slide
from the left which we saw earlier slide
from the right slide from the top and
slide from the bottom then we have one
calling grow from the center from the
top left top right bottom left bottom
right now all of these are available in
every position that I should really err
in at every speed then we have window
shade which works best on slow and we
have none which is your traditional just
going to pop it up okay let's take a
look at what this system needs to work
first of all I need to know the size of
the screen and I'm doing that two ways
one is at startup I'm coming to a layout
that has a box size 200 by 200 and I'm
grabbing some information about this
mainly throwing those into global
variables and what the reason I'm doing
it this way is that it gets around the
issue of having to know the different
window sizes for different operating
systems and so by coming here and
knowing the size of something on the
layout and then getting the window size
I can just add this to my existing
layout sizes and size the window
appropriately what that requires though
is I know the size of my layouts and I'm
doing that by on every screen having a
box essentially around the layout and
giving it a name layout size one of the
nice things about this technique is it
will adjust your layouts almost
automatically so if I come and I change
the size of this will just said we're
gonna make it 400 and we'll make it 350
tall okay
the by resizing this outside box to be
you know the edges of my layout then the
system automatically is going to resize
that new that new size so let's do that
one more time I'll take this I'll change
it we'll make it much smaller now
everything way up here like this you get
that exactly since we're just dimming it
here we got it like that and it just
resizes because of the way the layout
sides are is working I hope you found
this interesting please stay tuned for
part 2 and where I'll show you how easy
it is to add this to an existing
solution if you have any questions about
the file or about the technique please
feel free to email me at Chad Adams as
Kum Kee calm